README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# MY PORTFOLIO

> This project was built for Microverse [under these guidance objectives](https://github.com/microverseinc/curriculum-html-css/blob/main/portfolio/1_setup.md) > _note: you can only access this link if you're a Micronault (Microverse Student)_

![screenshot](./assets/img/Project_screenshot.png)

## How to Setup
> You can simply clone or download [this repository](https://github.com/Chimwemwe-127001/microverse_portfolio_project), and use your favoright browser or code editor to run this program.

- To open the project after download, simply double click the index.html file

- To open this project using vs code ( for this example) or your favorite code editor, you can follow the guide below:
> in your cmd or command line navigate to where this project is located, then;
```cmd
cd microverse_portfolio_project 
```
> thereafter run
```cmd
code .
```

## Built With

- HTML
- CSS

## Authors

👤 **Chimwemwe Sinyinza**

- GitHub: [@Chimwemwe-127001](https://github.com/Chimwemwe-127001)
- Twitter: [@chimwewme](https://twitter.com/chimwewme)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

Commit message:

Add another screenshot to README.md and fix form > h2 padding

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# MY PORTFOLIO

> This project was built for Microverse [under these guidance objectives](https://github.com/microverseinc/curriculum-html-css/blob/main/portfolio/1_setup.md) > _note: you can only access this link if you're a Micronault (Microverse Student)_

## Live Demo
>   You can access the live demo of this repo [here](https://chimwemwe-127001.github.io/microverse_portfolio_project/)

![screenshot](./assets/img/Project_screenshot.png)
![screenshot](./assets/img/Project_screenshot2.png)

## How to Setup
> You can simply clone or download [this repository](https://github.com/Chimwemwe-127001/microverse_portfolio_project), and use your favoright browser or code editor to run this program.

- To open the project after download, simply double click the index.html file

- To open this project using vs code ( for this example) or your favorite code editor, you can follow the guide below:
> in your cmd or command line navigate to where this project is located, then;
```cmd
cd microverse_portfolio_project 
```
> thereafter run
```cmd
code .
```

## Built With

- HTML
- CSS

## Authors

👤 **Chimwemwe Sinyinza**

- GitHub: [@Chimwemwe-127001](https://github.com/Chimwemwe-127001)
- Twitter: [@chimwewme](https://twitter.com/chimwewme)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!
